One of the stories that I heard the woman knew that the fire was getting closer
because her cat was sitting next to the vent by the door because the cat could
smell the smoke coming in and that inspired her to leave. And I was just like,
wow, listen to your pets, you know, come to the slaughter than we are. And the
cat was at every vent just acting really strange. Poor Padma. I thought she was,
she was panicking. And she didn't like to be picked up. So, you know, we decided
we're going to go. I got my car, pulled it up, put Pearson in the car, put daddy
in the car, went back, Padma. It's sitting at the front door like, I'm ready for
you now. So, I cat that does don't like to get picked up, picked her up. She
stuck her head in my hoodie. Had that sense that she needed to get out. Yeah,
literally. I'm living in your smarter than I was, you know. I put the cat in the
car, I come back and he said, well, go, why don't you guys go? I said, no. We
are all going. He says, well, what should I get? I said, grab your guitar, so he
did.
And I followed him. Go. We turned right going towards Wally Oakley. And, um,
took the bypass. We're trying to get the bypass. It was a quicker, that's the
quickest route down from where we were living. But we got halfway down, I guess,
Wally Oakley and a tree had fallen across the road. I think we were so up our
Alpine. Yeah, I was in front at that point and then couldn't go any further. It
was just a tree had fallen. It was completely inflamed. And you look to your
right and you saw some friends of ours, the Webster's house, was completely
inflamed. I was in a mood, so I said, Daddy, don't worry. I said, I'm like Mario
and Daddy, I can get us through this. I said, watch me drive this thing. You
know, I was being all cocky. And I did. I don't, you know, I'm from memory
because I drove that road every day to school. I just kind of stayed steady and
prayed nothing had fallen in the road that I wouldn't be able to see. And we
kept going. And as the smoke kind of cleared up a little bit and I came through
that smoke, there were fire trucks down there and there was a fireman standing
there. And he looked up and he saw these cars coming out of that smoke. And I'm
not going to verbalize what he said. What was it like? It was along the lines of
Holy Moli, where are you coming from? And they didn't think there was anybody I
think they were there. And there's this care of anacars coming down up the
mountain. The shock. Yeah, he was like, I had to smoke on his face like, yeah.
Oh, I did this. Oh my God. He had been, I'm not going to verbalize what he said.
But you could, you could read lips and determine it wasn't a good word. He was
nonetheless, he was shocked.